docs/Firefox-ESR-Deployment/2-process.md, before:

# Main Process Worknotes
Last Updated 07/06/22: Alex Farr

- [Return to Index](0-index.md)

---
## Abstract
This article is intended to document the considerations and workflow behind the packaging process.

Questions: 
- How do I check for Firefox's version? Mozilla Docs?
- Where is the user's default homepage RegKey? Or how can this be managed through GPO? Autoconfig? What are the pros and cons of implementing each of them?
- What changes need to be made to `Deploy-Application.ps1`?

---
## Contents
Firefox ESR version key: `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Mozilla\Mozilla Firefox ESR\CurrentVersion`

After environment and workspace are set up, open `src/FirefoxESR/Deploy-Application.ps1` in VSCode. 

Modify lines 64-72 to reflect the correct application information. 
Modify line 120 to attempt to close currently running Firefox processes. 
TODO: Get version regkey and check
Modify line 125 to attempt to remove any previous versions of Firefox. 

---
## Resources
- [Mozilla Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web)
- [File & Registry locations | Firefox Support Forum - Mozilla](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/questions/1172259)
- [Need possible registry enty to set home page for Firefox, Safari, and Chrome.](https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/137153-need-possible-registry-enty-to-set-home-page-for-firefox-safari-and-chrome)
- [Scripting : Change default homepage in IE and Firefox - ITNinja](https://www.itninja.com/question/change-default-homepage-in-ie-and-firefox)
- [Set Homepage via GPO - Microsoft Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/enterprise/set-homepage-via-gpo/td-p/1476388)
- [GPO Homepage for all browsers - The Spiceworks Community](https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/886352-gpo-homepage-for-all-browsers)
- [Setting the Default Firefox Homepage with Autoconfig](http://mike.kaply.com/2012/08/29/setting-the-default-firefox-homepage-with-autoconfig/)
- [Customizing Firefox Using AutoConfig](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/customizing-firefox-using-autoconfig)
- [about Group Policy Settings - PowerShell | Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_group_policy_settings)
- [Managing Group Policy with PowerShell](https://powershellmagazine.com/2012/05/14/managing-group-policy-with-powershell/)
- [Configure a Group Policy with PowerShell - Learn IT And DevOps Daily](https://www.ntweekly.com/2020/08/07/configure-a-group-policy-with-powershell/)
- [Installing Applications with PowerShell App Deployment Toolkit - Part 1](https://replicajunction.github.io/2015/04/07/installing-applications-with-psadt-part1/)

Commit message:

Day 2 progress check-in.
There's a storm outside...

docs/Firefox-ESR-Deployment/2-process.md, after:

# Main Process Worknotes
Last Updated 07/06/22: Alex Farr

- [Return to Index](0-index.md)

---
## Abstract
This article is intended to document the considerations and workflow behind the packaging process.

Questions: 
- How do I check for Firefox's version? Mozilla Docs?
- Where is the user's default homepage RegKey? Or how can this be managed through GPO? Autoconfig? What are the pros and cons of implementing each of them?
- What changes need to be made to `Deploy-Application.ps1`?

---
## Contents
The first pass will implement the initial functional scope of the challenge:

After environment and workspace are set up, open `src/FirefoxESR/Deploy-Application.ps1` in VSCode. 

	Under the variable declaration section, modify lines 64-72 to reflect the correct application information. 
	
	Under the preinstallation section, modify line 119 to attempt to close currently running Firefox processes, then modify line 124 to attempt to remove any previous versions.
	
	Modify line 132 to run the Firefox MSI.
	
	Modify line 143 to reflect the proper application name in the notification box upon completion. 
	
	Modify line 152 to attempt to close currently running Firefox processes, then modify line 162 to run the uninstall helper EXE from the absolute install path.


Testing the install and uninstall implementations proved successful. However the installation's old version removal step on line 124 is not working correctly. `Remove-MSIApplications -Name 'Mozilla Firefox ESR (x64 en-US)'` returns `[Pre-Installation] :: Found [0] application(s) that matched the specified criteria [Mozilla Firefox ESR (x64 en-US)].	Remove-MSIApplications	7/7/2022 2:01:03 PM	27504 (0x6B70)` in CMTrace. 

Additionally, the `Execute-Process` call for uninstallation on line 162 is using an absolute path to the helper exe which is less than ideal, however the PSADT `Execute-MSI` route referencing the packaged MSI fails to locate the installed application through registry checking, as does resolving the same path through the registry that PSADT should have searched for by using `Get-ItemPropertyValue` and then providing that to the `-Path 
 flag of `Execute-MSI`.


NOTE: Firefox ESR version key: `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Mozilla\Mozilla Firefox ESR\CurrentVersion`

---
## Resources
- [Mozilla Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web)
- [File & Registry locations | Firefox Support Forum - Mozilla](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/questions/1172259)
- [Need possible registry enty to set home page for Firefox, Safari, and Chrome.](https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/137153-need-possible-registry-enty-to-set-home-page-for-firefox-safari-and-chrome)
- [Scripting : Change default homepage in IE and Firefox - ITNinja](https://www.itninja.com/question/change-default-homepage-in-ie-and-firefox)
- [Set Homepage via GPO - Microsoft Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/enterprise/set-homepage-via-gpo/td-p/1476388)
- [GPO Homepage for all browsers - The Spiceworks Community](https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/886352-gpo-homepage-for-all-browsers)
- [Setting the Default Firefox Homepage with Autoconfig](http://mike.kaply.com/2012/08/29/setting-the-default-firefox-homepage-with-autoconfig/)
- [Customizing Firefox Using AutoConfig](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/customizing-firefox-using-autoconfig)
- [about Group Policy Settings - PowerShell | Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_group_policy_settings)
- [Managing Group Policy with PowerShell](https://powershellmagazine.com/2012/05/14/managing-group-policy-with-powershell/)
- [Configure a Group Policy with PowerShell - Learn IT And DevOps Daily](https://www.ntweekly.com/2020/08/07/configure-a-group-policy-with-powershell/)
- [Installing Applications with PowerShell App Deployment Toolkit - Part 1](https://replicajunction.github.io/2015/04/07/installing-applications-with-psadt-part1/)
